Port the authz example to use the Python SDK (#89)
TheNileDev/examples: authz-python/README.md

## Install Dependencies

> You'll need a version of Python at least as new as 3.7.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify you are running Python version 3.7 or newer (check with `python --version`)
```

Run the following command:

```

> python3 -m venv venv && venv/bin/python3 install -r requirements.txt

Author: Thanks, fixed!
